Digital Twin Manager 1025.8.0 Changelogs for Microservice 1025.7.0 (#4885)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/dtm-1025-8-0-asset-api-now-returns-parent-references-for-sub-assets.md

---
date: ""

> title: "Asset API now returns parent references for sub-assets"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Asset API now returns parent references for subassets"
```

product_area: "Application enablement & solutions"
change_type:
    - value: "change-VSkj2iV9m"
      label: "Fix"
component:
    - value: "component-Tl88RYb4A"
      label: "Digital Twin Manager"
build_artifact:
    - value: "tc-wYIY0MBDO"
      label: "dtm"
ticket: "CTM-3031"
version: "1025.8.0"
---
The Asset API previously did not include parent references when querying

> sub-assets of an individual asset. The Asset API now returns parent

Reviewer: ```suggestion
subassets of an individual asset. The Asset API now returns parent
```

> references when you request sub-assets using the `withParents=true`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
references when you request subassets using the `withParents=true`
```
